What is EthaWin?
----------------
 
   The "EthaWin" Text User Interface was created by Allen C. Huffman of
Sub-Etha Software.  It is COPYRIGHT (C) 1994 by Allen C. Huffman.  This
library is an experiment, and here are the conditions to participate:
 
   Sub-Etha Software retains all rights to the original code and distribution
of it.  Full source is provided in an effort to let others contribute to
improving the interface which we hope will become a "standard" for some OS-9
applications.  If you find ways to optimize the library, or fix any bugs,
please report them and they will be incorporated into the official release and
you will be credited for your contribution.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES may you
re-distribute your modifications without consent of Sub-Etha Software. 
Through this guideline we hope to combine the talent of numerous OS-9 
programmers and improve on the quality of the EthaWin interface.
 
The Good Part:
--------------
 
   If you write a program that runs under EthaWin, you may distribute the
executable as you please whether it be shareware or commercial.  The only
thing we ask is that if it's a commercial product, Sub-Etha would like to
distribute it as well.  Royalties will be paid to the program's author for any
copies Sub-Etha sells.  The only reason we ask this is so we may contain a
catalog of all commercial EthaWin products.  Contact us for details.
 
Summary:
--------
 
   o  Enhance and modify the library as you wish, but do not redistribute the
changes.  Instead, submit the to Sub-Etha Software for inclusion into the
"official" library.
 
   o  Any product you write for commercial distribution must also be made
available through Sub-Etha Software.  (Yes, you can sell it yourself and keep
all the money, but we'd like to have it available in our catalog as well, and
we'll give you whatever share you feel is appropriate.)
 
   o  That's it!
 
Contact Us:
-----------
 
      Sub-Etha Software          Allen C. Huffman
      P.O. Box 152442            coco-sysop@genie.geis.com (Internet Mail)
      Lufkin, TX  75915          (409) 637-9646 (car phone, good luck...)
